RULES OF THE MAZE




|iii|




BUNKER: There is only one safe
place for the man to hide.. .and that's

inside the bunker, in the center of the
maze. When he's inside, spiders and
bats cannot bite him, and the robot's bullets will
not harm him (until the Black Robot appears, see
page 7).

IMPORTANT: If your man isn't all the way inside
the bunker he can be blasted by robot fire!

MAN: You start off with 6 men. Each
man can run and shoot, but he can-
not do both at once. After one man is
shot, the next one appears inside the
bunker, and the number of men you have left
shows on the screen. Each time you rack up about
10,000 points, you get another man. When your
last man is downed by robot fire, the game is
over!

WEAPON: The man's main defense
in the creature infested maze is his
loaded weapon. Each weapon holds
six shots, and will drop bats, spiders
and robots in their tracks. Remember, you can on-
ly shoot when the man is standing still!

IMPORTANT: Time your shots carefully! Once you
fire, you cannot shoot again until that bullet disap-
pears from the screen. While his bullet is traveling,
the man can run to dodge alien fire.




*



The man is out of bullets when you see the
weapon flashing on the screen. The mar must
then land on top of trie weapon to pick it up.

Occasionally you mghl have bullets left after you
have fired off six shots When the weapon ran out
of amo, the next loaded weapon was placed right
where your man was standing and he automatical-
ly picked it up. Keep on shooing '

-^- SPIDER: A single menacing spider
/■■Ik*, creeps throughout the maze, ready to
jWl bite the man whenever they come in
contact. Once the man is bitten, fie
falls down, paralized for a few seconds When he's
down, he cannot fire his weapon or run. He's
vulnerable to robot attack!

To avoid being bitten, fire off a shot. If I fits the
spider, he vanishes. But another quickly appears in
the spider's web and begins to crawl around. The
robot's fire does no: zap the spider!

The spider web is a semi-protected area. AH the
maze creatures anc the man can enter the web.
Sometimes the bullets from the man and the robot
will penetrate the web. Sometimes they will not.

BATS: Two bats, hanging upside

down, awaken and wing thei r way
through the pathways of the maze.
Either bar can bite the man when
they come in contact. The man f aUs down and is
paralized the same as when bitten oy a spider He
cannot shoot or move




^



After you shoot a bat, or a bat is hit by robot fire, it
is replaced by another. But if it isn't a direct hit,
he's still there to torment you!

IMPORTANT: The game changes once your score
is over 5,000 points. Now when the robot fire or
your shot hits a bat, a grey robot takes its place. If
both bats get hit, you will have 3 robots and no
bats after the man !

PPPJ ROBOTS: The man's most persistent

[—J enemy in the maze is the robot. In
f ™ j the course of the game you will en-
Bmfl counter five different types. As your
score gets higher, the robots become more and
more sophisticated. Each new robot has all the
characteristics of the previous robot, plus new
features.

All robots fire at the man! They have unlimited am-
munition. Their shots are the same as the man's...
only one bullet shows on the screen at a time.

When the man's bullet hits a robot, he explodes.
Then quickly, another robot replaces him. Robots
always enter the maze at the lower left corner.



W



Now let's take a look at these adversaries:





T- ft.




Grey Robot: This robot is slow on the
attack. He patrols the maze at ran-
dom, shooting only when he sees the
man. After 5,000 points, when a bat is
shot, this robot takes its place in the maze!

Blue Robot: After 5,000 points, a blue
robot appears on the screen. He's
more determined to track the man
wherever he goes! He's hard to lose!

O White Robot: After 1 5,000 points, the
white robot appears and aggressively
seeks out the man. The white robot's
shield protects him from the man's
bullets. It taKes 3 bullets to penetrate the shield
and Wow this robot away!

Black Robot: After 30,000 points, the
black robot appears and advances
with power! He is capable of firing
white "energy bolts" that absorb the
man's bullets on contact.

After 50,000 points, this robot shoots yeilow
"energy bolts". These can now crash into the
bunker and slowly wear it away. Once the bunker
is gone, there's no safe place for the man to hide.

Invisible Robot: He's in the maze
after 80,000 points, and is the ultimate
aggressor! It's a sneak attack! His
bullets are visible. That's your only
clue about where he is!





»



SCORING



Destroy a spider and it's 100 points.




■



"



■ Destroy a bat and it's 300 points.



Destroy the grey robot and it's 300 points.





Destroy the blue robot and it's 500 points.



Destroy the white robot and it's 1000 points.



Destroy the black robot and it's 2000 points.



•<-?



+♦♦



Destroy the invisible robot and it's
4000 points.



STRATEGY TIPS

Place one hand on the
Disc and the other on
the keypad, ready to
move the man or fire

bullets at all times!




*



Once an aggressive robot is after the man, lay in
wait at corners and intersections. When the robot
advances, get off a shot and quickly retreat!




For the white, black and
invisible robots, it's

helpful to count /our
bullets. Try to use your
last bullet lo blast the
robot. This gives you
some time -o run and
pick up the weapon
while the next robot
enters [he maze.





Knock off sleeping bats
for quick points!



^
